hello everyone natural aquila hair so
when it's come on it show you guys my
hair oh gee to me it looks amazing I
can't tell if you guys to go looks a
little weave ish Whiggish to me let me
tell you that's what I did to my hair ok
today is Friday and on Tuesday evening
yes tuesday evening that home from work
wash my hair and typically i do not
kailash i shampoo because I like to
collect my scalp it was my hair because
I have fired hair so I got it is carol's
daughter hair milk condition collage at
Tara guys event when she came to Atlanta
the love and Margaret here to work so i
got this product from them the new
Carol's Daughter co-washing condition
collage so I love this product why did I
love this product because when I got out
of the shower my hair felt so amazingly
soft it had by the images for me getting
out of the shower like it wasn't flat
and when I was in shower washing my hair
it was very soft the product rinsed out
smoothly from my hair and I didn't feel
any better I didn't see me better for my
scalp which was amazing his most of time
when i use conditioners cohosh there's
still some buildup but this rinsed out
very well my hair felt amazing I got a
shower in my hair almost looked like
this like it wasn't flat you could see
such great definition of my curls I
absolutely was shocked because like I
said I don't go wash but I think this
may be something that will make me
change my mind about co washing or
condition washing or
to the commissioner however you say it
and then as a scholar I decided to leave
in conditioner on and then i use care
inspiring beautiful but on butter life
under your years and this is a pretty
thick product and will adjust your man
sighs a little dirty i think to make up
make it got in there but anyway I got a
little bit of the product and you really
have to rub it in your hands really well
to get it smooth and to get it clear and
then I smooth it down my hair to lock in
moisture and then i used the eco styler
i love not the olive oil at the argan
oil gel so my first time trying it and I
use that as my scholar I then they might
be sure and twist out and at that time I
didn't have my blow dryer I went home to
my mother's house this past weekend I
was presented female role model of the
year from my home town so I got to go
home and I love my blow dryer at my
mother's house so I didn't have a blow
dryer so what I did because I wasn't
going to be able to blow dry my oh do a
blowout on my hair to stretch it I did
my three strand twists and I did not
write it because my hair of course was
still wet and curly so what i did was i
Kenned my curls to my head like I
wrapped my pin I wrapped my twist so on
this side i panted this way will hold it
it this way then pitted and then decide
that way as well the bag I moved to the
front the front of boots to the back and
I'll just panda down to basically kind
of help structure you guys want to
torial that let me know and I'll record
one the next time that I do my hair and
then that morning I just took it a loose
and some Wednesday it's a little bit
shorter than this because I it stretched
this some so it wasn't as small as it
normally would be if I just let it air
dry and then this
friday i should got my blow dryer and
was able to stretch it out just a little
bit but what i like the most is my curls
are still preserved i have not been
putting in a leave-in conditioner on her
last couple days because i didn't have
my blow dryer and i didn't want it to
start back reverting as much so i think
it looks absolutely amazing i don't like
all of being else face right now but I
wanted you guys to be able to really
really see this so is we turn around a
little bit and of course you could
always get your pic and lift it up some
if you beat you from the root which I
did not do before filming but you can
too lightly lick it some so there you go
but all in all I love the way that the
curls look it just looks so healthy and
it looks so clean it's so light and
there's so much movement in it just
looks amazing so had to share with you
guys until next time you guys do
something nice for yourself do something
nice for someone else be blessed to be a
blessing